URL: https://www.smu.edu/Admission
Undergraduate Admission 
You Belong Here 
SMU is a welcoming and vibrant community where you'll work hard and have fun as you build your exciting future. 
Apply NowVisit Us Life in Dallas At SMU, Dallas is your classroom. You do you, boldly, in this vibrant community 
that embraces a world of ideas and backgrounds and offers access to top employers, more than 20 Fortune 500 company 
headquarters and thousands of internship opportunities. Explore Life in Dallas Student StoryThere are so many 
resources in the city of Dallas and within SMU NewsThe Dallas area is among the best cities for jobs 
(WalletHub 2022) PlayThe Mustang’s Dallas GuideWhether you are interested in business, art or research, 
Dallas is the perfect place to start your career. AcademicsFrom your very first semester at SMU, you have access 
to everything that defines the signature SMU experience: research opportunities in a variety of disciplines, 
outstanding faculty who love to mentor, advisors who will help you navigate your academics, 
business pitch competitions to start a company and so much more.Explore AcademicsTop 5% SMU alumni among the top 5%
 of highest-paid graduates across a range of fields. (College Factual 2022) 12:1 Student-to-faculty ratio with more 
 professors per student than the national average.Top 20%Of national universities ranked by U.S. News & World Report.
 First-Rate FacilitiesAs a comprehensive research institution, SMU has an unbelievable number of facilities to 
 support your work.Explore Academics Life on CampusMustangs thrive on more than a century of spirit and traditions. 
 Feel at home in any of our 11 Residential Commons – your instant campus family. Here, academic focus, lifelong 
 friendships and social and leadership opportunities add up to an unforgettable college experience.Explore Life 
 on CampusResidence LifeThe best things about each of our 11 Residential CommonsSpirit & TraditionsA legacy of 
 spirit, tradition and prideHealth & SafetyDay or night, a safe ride homeExplore CampusWelcome to our vibrant 
 community, where relationships matter – faculty who will encourage you to think big, friends who will have your 
 back and alumni who will help you get a foot in the door.Take the Virtual Tour Paying for SMUWe automatically 
 consider you for academic awards after you apply for admission. We work hard to address your unique financial 
 circumstances by partnering with you to explore a combination of federal, state and SMU-funded awards.
 More about Financial Aid $161 M+ SMU awarded more than $161 million in scholarships and grants last year.
 3 out of 4 About 74% of students receive scholarships and/or financial aid. 
 71% With plenty of aid options available, most students graduate without debt.
 What Types of Financial Aid Are Available? Types of aid include scholarships, loans, grants, 
 student employment, SMU or federal government funded financial aid programs and veteran benefits. 
 Our office is happy to talk with you about any of these options.Get in touch Life After SMU SMU boasts some of 
 the highest-paid graduates in the country and an outstanding post-graduation employment rate. 
 EXPLORE SMU STORIES Alumni Garrett Haake ’07, MSNBC News Correspondent Alumni Bumble Founder and CEO, 
 Whitney Wolfe Herd ’11 shares her SMU experience Alumni Tori Titmas ’15 Debuts New Movie on Amazon Prime Join
 SMU Network Your SMU experience doesn't end on graduation day. We pride ourselves on a successful and connected 
 alumni network.

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/Academics
As a nationally ranked research university with a liberal arts tradition, SMU is ready to support you as you pursue your passion. If you’re an ambitious, 
creative thinker, SMU is for you. Also in Academics Majors and Minors Schools Faculty Honors and Scholars 
Get the Facts SMU is within the Top 20% of the 'Best National Universities' according to the 2020
 edition of the U.S. News & World Report's Best Colleges. #2 Dallas ranks among the best places for business
and careers in Forbes, 2019. 84% Percentage of full-time faculty who hold a doctorate or the highest degree
in their fields. 100+ Number of majors students can choose from. 11:1 The average class size is 22 students,
 and SMU has an 11:1 student-to-faculty ratio. 85 Number of minors students can choose from. 5 Number of
 nationally recognized undergraduate schools and colleges. Engaged Learning Connecting students' personal
  passions to creative academic projects, research, and initiatives that move learning beyond the classroom.
  Turn your great ideas into reality and take action on some of the world's most pressing challenges. 
 SMU Entrepreneurship Club Connecting entrepreneurial students across campus regardless of their major or school.
Find help transforming your innovative idea into a sustainable enterprise and get support for your student 
 startup. Deason Innovation Gym Inspiring creative confidence in a campus community of makers. Build your design
 skills by working on real-world challenges and engage in purpose-driven learning through interdisciplinary 
teamwork. SMU DataArts is SMU’s investment in big data and research with impact to help arts and cultural 
leaders nationwide make smarter decisions with data insights.Ophelie Herve and other students worked with 
 a robotic exoskeleton to adapt technology to the natural rhythm of walking.SMU’s intellectual environment 
attracts problem-solvers, creators and disruptors who are ready to transform their big ideas into tangible
 results. VideoBig on ResearchRoxana Farokhnia talks about her experience at SMU as a Biology and Health and 
Society double major on the Pre-Health track. 

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/Apply
Apply Skip to main content SMU Explore SMU Academics Student Affairs About SMU News Events Calendar Research George 
W. Bush Presidential Center Current Students Alumni Information for Faculty & Staff Apply to SMUGIVE NOW Undergraduate 
Admission Apply Visit Financial Aid Menu Search Apply to SMUOur students forge their success in an academic environment that 
inspires their best effort, every day – we can’t wait for you to join our community of problem solvers, influencers and leaders
who make an impact around the globe.ApplyTransfer HomeAcademicsReady to do big things?Applying to SMU is the first step in making 
your college experience one that defines your future success. We carefully consider each application with the goal of adding 
dimension to our diverse, challenging community of scholars. We’re likely to be just as interested in you as you are in us. 
The strongest applications are not always those with the greatest number of accomplishments, but ones that resonate with 
authenticity and passion. Prospective first-year applicants are students who have not graduated from high school at the time of application.
More about first-year admission. Transfer AdmissionStudents who are transferring from a 2-year or 4-year university within the U.S. 
and will have at least one full-time semester (12 or more credits) completed at the time of transfer.More about transfer admission
International Admission Students who graduate from a high school outside of the U.S. or are transferring from an international university.
 More about international admission Top Links First-Year Transfer Obtaining an I-20 Request Information Additional Applicant 
 TypesSMU happily accepts and reviews applications from students attending non-traditional high schools, including homeschools, 
 online high schools and more! Homeschool StudentsVeteran ApplicantsReadmit (Former SMU Students) Visiting Students (Non-Degree-Seeking Students)

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/Visit
We’ve Been Expecting YouThis special place that we call the Hilltop is for you. Feel at home as you look around. 
This is where you’ll take that life-changing class, have those amazing conversations with your professors, make a late-night dinner 
run with your friends and cheer on your favorite teams. We’re happy you’re here. Also in Visit In-Person Visit Virtual Campus Experience 
Virtual Connections Virtual Tour Admission Events Visit SMU – in-person or virtuallyWhether you want to start a company, shape your own 
research or stand out in today’s global marketplace, come see how our 234-acre tree-lined think tank near the heart of Dallas will prepare
 you to own your future.Admission EventsAt SMU, we host numerous events and guide you every step of the way to becoming an enrolled 
 Mustang! We can help you learn more about the application process, financial aid, selecting a major and much more!Don’t lose out! Just 
 by submitting your SMU application, you’ll be automatically considered for a range of academic awards, including the President’s 
 Scholarship, our prestigious full-ride award. VideoCampus Tour with Students Ian and Abby. Join SMU Admission Ambassadors Ian 
 Perkins-Smith and Abby Johnson as they tour the SMU campus. Featured tour stops include the Boulevard, Gerald J. Ford Stadium, 
 the Laura Lee Blanton Building, Dallas Hall and Fondren Library. Pony Up! How would you like to tour SMU? There are two ways to tour 
 SMU’s beautiful campus. We offer in-person daily tour options or virtual visits. Either way you decide to see SMU, we know you will love 
 it here! IN-PERSON TOUR VIRTUAL TOUR Maps and DirectionsSMU is located in the neighborhood of University Park and is bordered by North 
 Central Expressway (U.S. Highway 75) on the east, Hillcrest Avenue on the west, Mockingbird Lane on the south and Daniel Avenue on the 
 north.Where to StayFind hotels that offer discounted rates to SMU visitors and are listed in order of proximity to campus. Event Dallas 
 Hall, the academic heart of SMU, overlooks the quad, the tree-lined Boulevard and the Dallas skyline. Daily Visits Twice Per DayOn 
 Campus Offered Monday through Friday and include an outdoor campus tour. Event Mustang Days Summer and Fall Make Your Day a Mustang Day!
  Mustang Days give you a 360° view of SMU in a virtual setting. Get the inside track on admission, scholarships, financial aid*, and 
  campus life.

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/FinancialAid
You’re bright and hardworking. We want you here. That’s why we are passionate about matching our rigorous academics, powerful opportunities
 and incredible classroom-to-career experiences with access to outstanding financial resources – so that you can become who you want to be,
 regardless of your financial need. Also in Scholarships and Financial Aid Costs and Estimates Deadlines Types of Assistance Access SMU 
 SMU Monthly Payment Plan Options SMU Net Price Calculator Mustang Scholars Dallas County Promise Scholarship 
 Robert H. Dedman Scholarship for North Dallas High School. Find an Excellent Return on Your College Investment But don’t just take our 
word for it. SMU is in the top 20% of schools nationwide in Forbes' Americas Top Colleges 2021 ranking. Forbes counts SMU among the 
 schools who “placed well if their students graduated on time, secured high salaries and low debt, and went on to have successful careers”
 in its Top College ranking. Top 5% SMU alumni among the top 5% of highest-paid graduates across a range of fields. College Factual 2022 
 #1DFW is among the best metro areas for STEM jobs. (WalletHub 2022) 71% 71% of students graduate without any student debt at all.
 3 out of 4 First-year students are awarded grants and/or scholarships. Top 20% SMU ranks in the top 20% of Best Value Colleges. 
 (PayScale 2021-22) Best Cities for JobsDFW area ranks among the best locations for jobs (WalletHub 2022) How we help you afford an 
 outstanding SMU education We reward academic achievementWe will also consider your family’s financial situation. Our financial packages
combine academic awards and need-based financial aid.We automatically consider you for academic awards, many of which can be combined
 When you apply to SMU, you will be automatically considered for SMU awards when you apply by your chosen application deadline: November 1
 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular Decision.We work hard to meet your needs
 We provide need-based aid for your unique financial circumstances and partner with you to explore a combination of federal, state and
 SMU-funded awards, including grants, loans and work-study options. SMU’s Most Distinguished Awards President’s Scholars Nancy Ann 
 and Ray L. Hunt Leadership Scholars (separate essay required) Academic achievement scholarshipsAcademic school and departmental 
scholarships National Merit Scholarships International Baccalaureate Scholars Learn more How to Apply Simply submit two forms by 
your chosen application deadline: November 1 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II or Regular 
Decision. These are priority deadlines for scholarship and financial aid consideration. Both forms will be available October 1. 
 The Free Application for Federal Student Aid For federal and state aid.U.S. and dual citizens and permanent residents seeking 
 eligibility for federal and state sources of aid must submit the FAFSA each year. Visit fafsa.gov to file the FAFSA. 
Use SMU school code 003613.The CSS Profile™ For institutional aid.For SMU-funded opportunity awards, you must submit a CSS Profile™ 
 financial aid application each year. This will give our financial aid advisors more information to further assess your financial 
 need. There is a $25 cost for submitting the CSS Profile™.Visit cssprofile.org to file the CSS Profile™. Use SMU school code 6660. 
 FAQs How do I apply for academic awards and when will I be notified? Our academic awards reward hard work. If you apply by your 
 chosen application deadline – November 1 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular 
Decision – you will be automatically considered for SMU academic awards. If you applied by November 1, you will be notified in 
 early January. If you applied by January 15, you will be notified by mid-March. How do I apply for financial aid and when will I 
 be notified? The priority deadline to apply for financial aid corresponds with your chosen application deadline: November 1 for 
Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular Decision. You must file the FAFSA (for federal 
need-based consideration) and the CSS Profile™ (for SMU-funded opportunity awards) by these priority deadlines. If you applied by 
November 1, you will be notified in early January. If you applied by January 15, you will be notified by mid-March. What kind of 
 aid is available? SMU offers academic scholarships, grants, loans and work-study awards. How does SMU determine the amount of 
financial assistance? FAFSA and CSS Profile™ information is sent to SMU, which compares the cost of attending SMU with the Expected 
 Family Contribution (EFC)* for the student’s college education. *According to the office of Federal Student Aid, the Expected 
 Family Contribution (EFC) is not the amount of money your family will have to pay for college or the amount of federal student aid 
 you will receive. It is a number used by your school to calculate the amount of federal student aid you are eligible to receive. 
 Will I have a financial advisor at SMU? SMU assigns a financial aid advisor to all students. For more information about the 
 academic award and financial aid process, call us at 214-768-2058 or 1-800-323-0672 or visit us smu.edu/value. 

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/FinancialAid/Costs
Cost of Attendance Information - The purpose of the Cost of Attendance (COA), sometimes referred to as the “student budget”, is to provide
 students and families with an estimated cost to attend SMU for a single academic year, consisting of two terms (Fall and Spring), or nine
 calendar months (September to the following May). The COA is reviewed and approved by the University administration. The following 
information explains how the COA is determined and the role it plays in calculating your total financial aid package. The Cost of 
 Attendance not only provides baseline information on how much it will cost to attend SMU, but it is also determines the maximum amount
 a student is eligible to receive in total financial assistance. It is the starting point for building a financial aid award that 
combines scholarships, grants and loans from various funding sources into a single award package. The combined total of all funding 
 sources cannot exceed the COA. Keep in mind that the COA, as it relates to your financial aid, is the estimated cost for the majority
 of students enrolled in a degree seeking academic program. It includes allowances for tuition, fees, housing, dining, transportation,
books, supplies, and miscellaneous expenses. The amount used for each expense category will vary depending on the degree plan, 
 specific program of study, number of enrolled hours, and choice of housing. Direct Costs vs In-Direct Costs Direct costs: Educational
 expenses that are billed directly by the University such as tuition, fees, housing and dining for students living on campus. 
In-Direct costs: Expenses that are directly related to your education, but not billed by the University. For example, students 
living off campus are expected to pay rent and utilities. These expenses are related to your education, but are not billed directly
 by the university. They are "in-direct costs". The amounts may vary significantly depending on a student's choice in housing, 
 neighborhood, utility service plans, etc. 2023-2024 Annual Estimated Undergraduate Cost of Attendance The following information is
 based on enrollment for the fall and spring terms, and registered as a full time student (12-18 credit hours) for each term, 
 Summer and Inter-term expenses are not included in the following example. To determine exact tuition and fees based on 1-11 
 enrolled hours, please see the University Bursar's Direct Cost of Attendance webpage. Off Campus living expenses are specific 
to the individual student and should be considered when evaluating your housing options. Expenses will vary significantly due 
 to the choice of neighborhood, apartment rental rates, number of roommates, or living with parents. Graduate and Professional 
 Cost of Attendance The following information is based on estimated expenses for a single student, living off-campus, without a 
roommate. Information for International Student I-20 Requests can be found here. Direct Costs (Typically billed by SMU): Tuition 
 rates and fees for Graduate programs vary depending on your academic program. To determine exact direct costs for your specific 
 program of study, please see the University Bursar's Direct Cost of Attendance page. Tuition (See Bursar's Direct Cost page )*
 Student Fees (See Bursar's Direct Cost page )* In-Direct Costs (Estimated expenses not billed by SMU) Allowance for Off-Campus 
Housing & Dining, Books, Supplies, Loan Fees, Transportation, & Miscellaneous expenses Online programs in-direct cost allowance 
$27,237 $24,387 **Allowances are estimated based on off-campus housing. Expenses for living off-campus are specific to the 
 individual student and will vary significantly depending on the type of housing, choice in neighborhood, home leasing/rental 
 rates and the number of occupants. Each of these should be considered when evaluating your housing options. 

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/FinancialAid/Deadlines
January 15 Regular Decision and Early Decision II admission deadline for priority consideration for merit-based scholarships. 
November 1 FAFSA and CSS Profile™ priority consideration deadline for students applying Early Decision I or Early Action January 15 
FAFSA and CSS Profile™ priority consideration deadline for students applying Early Decision II. February 15 FAFSA and CSS Profile™ 
priority consideration deadline for students applying Regular Decision All students must complete the Free Application for Federal Student
 Aid (FAFSA) each year to determine their eligibility for federal and state financial aid (found at fafsa.gov). Undergraduate students 
 who also want to be considered for university need-based aid must complete the CSS Profile™found at cssprofile.org 
 There is a $25 cost for completing the CSS Profile™. FAFSA and CSS/PROFILE® priority consideration deadline for students applying 
 Early Decision I or Early Action

----------------

URL: https://smu.edu/Admission/FinancialAid/Access-SMU
Empowering world changers for Texas. A new initiative to help exceptional students from Texas who receive federal 
Pell Grants and SMU merit scholarships pursue their college dreams. SMU has launched Access SMU – additional merit 
scholarships – beginning with Texas students to meet full need for high-achieving scholars who receive federal Pell 
Grants and SMU merit scholarships. Regardless of financial background, the dream of pursuing an exceptional college 
education at SMU is fully within reach. At SMU, we welcome your ideas, passion and drive that help make our 
community strong. Our rigorous academics with distinguished faculty, incredible campus experiences and lifelong 
connections will launch your successful future. Learn more Diversity and inclusive excellence SMU by the numbers 
Life as a Mustang Financial aid FAQs Access SMU eligibility Apply to SMU Students eligible for Access SMU: • 
Enter SMU as a full-time, first-year student directly from high school. • Qualify for and receive a federal Pell 
Grant. 1, 2 • Receive a Founders', Second Century, Distinguished or Provost academic scholarship from SMU. • 
Have a permanent home address in Texas. 2 • Submit the FAFSA and CSS: Profile. 2 1. Students and families with a 
negative Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) are not eligible for this program. 2. Additional qualifications and verification
 may be required. Contact usWe’re here to answer your financial aid questions.contact us SMU community 
 #1 SMU is the highest-ranking national university in DFW(U.S. News & World Report 2024) Top 1% of the country for 
 liberal arts/sciences/humanities students pursuing a bachelor’s degree(College Factual 2024) Top 7% of colleges 
 with the highest paid graduates(PayScale College Salary Report 2023) 11,842 student enrollment 7,115 
 undergraduate/4,727 graduate (Fall 2023) 35% students of color (Fall 2023 undergraduate and graduate) 136,000+ 
 alumni worldwide, 61,000+ alumni in DFW 94% of Cox School of Business Class of 2023 graduates had jobs around the 
 time of graduation with an average starting salary of $76,700 per year. 34% of Lyle School engineering students 
 are women. 100+ SMU Simmons School Sport Management students participate each year in over 100 experiential 
 learning internships and work experiences at major sport franchises, leagues and conferences. 
 Nearly 90% of SMU graduates have jobs or are in grad school six months after graduation. Access top employers 
 Multiple career centers help with pursuing internships or landing a job. 200+ student organizations where you can 
 lead, serve and grow. 

----------------

URL: https://www.smu.edu/Admission/CampusLife
SMU is where your dreams become goals. Whether you have a deep desire to make an impact in your community or feel 
driven to build a great career studying and pursuing what you love, we’ll help you channel your energy and unique 
qualities into the things that matter to you. Start your application Visit SMU Find your home Find your scene Find 
your people Find your fun Find your passions Celebrate your achievements Plan ahead Application process Transfer to 
SMU International students Schedule a visit Find your home Where you’ll eat On campus Around Dallas Visit SMU Campus
 tour Mustang Days At Residential Commons casual get-togethers, Faculty in Residence treat students to homemade 
 goodies while they relax and catch up with their friends. Eat up! At SMU, you’ll find delicious food that you can 
 savor in a variety of food options at both Lee Dining Hall, in Umphrey Lee Center, and Arnold Dining Commons, 
 which are all-you-care-to-eat residential restaurants that accommodate most dietary needs and preferences. 
The world dines in Dallas. From comforting street food to posh fine dining, Dallas’ diverse food scene represents a 
multicultural feast that celebrates the cuisines from nearly any spot on the globe. Of course, you can still get 
our belly-satisfying signature barbecue and tacos with all the trimmings. The Legend of Sunday Night Snacks 
Faculty-in-Residence, a member of faculty who live in the Residential Commons, create an atmosphere that allows 
students to be who they are. We’ve Been Expecting You This special place that we call the Hilltop is for you. 
Feel at home as you look around. This is where you’ll take that life-changing class, have those amazing conversations 
with your professors, make a late-night dinner run with your friends and cheer on your favorite teams. 
Explore visit options Make Your Day a Mustang Day! Mustang Days give you a 360° view of SMU. Get the inside track 
on admission, scholarships, financial aid*, and campus life. Throw your toughest questions at our student panel, 
and let our deans and professors tell you everything you want to know about our academic programs. Your Residential 
Commons is your instant community on campus. Because living-and-learning experiences outside class are an important 
part of the whole SMU experience, incoming first-year students are assigned to one of 11 Residential Commons, each 
with its own traditions. Led by a faculty member who serves as Faculty-in-Residence, each Commons integrates an 
academic focus and social opportunities. Experience it for yourself Virtual Tour × Find your scene Spirit and 
traditions SMU and Dallas Home games fire up SMU spirit for our whole community. Friends meet on the Boulevard for 
great food and festivities then head to Ford Stadium to cheer on the team. A legacy of spirit, tradition and pride. 
The way we welcome new Mustangs, the way we celebrate our most important times of the year and the way we let loose 
and have a blast – it's all part of what's so great about SMU. We're big on tradition and spirit here on the Hilltop, 
and we take a lot of pride in our community and the rich, century-long history the University has built. 
SMU and DallasThink big in SMU and Dallas to launch your successful future. You'll love to work hard on your dreams,
 with the can-do energy of Dallas fueling your experiences on campus and beyond. Video Great escapes, student approved.
 On a final-exam study break, SMU Mustangs Adam Czarnik ’22 and Jo Lew ’23 hit the Dallas Arts District to enjoy the 
 best-ever grilled cheese sandwiches from Ruthie’s food truck, a spontaneous foosball match at Klyde Warren Park 
and an art museum trifecta. Find your people Student life Diversity at SMU Spiritual life Meet new friends from 
different backgrounds and all over the world when you go to class, join a club or participate in fun campus events.
 Student lifeFrom your first days as a new Mustang to graduation and important transition points between, the 
 Office of the Student Experience supports your collegiate experience with a variety of resources. Video Living on
 a college campus Listen in as Alexa May ’23 and Emma White ’23 swap memories about the good times – and the 
  cringey moments – while getting to know each other as first-year roommates. Diversity and Inclusion SMU’s Office
 of Diversity and Inclusion works with people across the University to develop, coordinate, and advance the 
 organizational vision and strategy to fulfill the University's core values of excellence, integrity, 
 intellectual freedom, open dialogue, diversity and inclusion. Do I have to be Methodist to attend SMU? 
 Students do not have to be Methodist to attend SMU. About 16% of the SMU student population is Methodist.
Our campus hosts students from other religions including other Protestant denominations, Catholicism, Judaism,
 Buddhism, Greek Orthodox, and Islam, and many non-religious students. Learn More Top 1% of the country for 
liberal arts/sciences/humanities students pursuing a bachelor's degree (College Factual 2024) Top 20% College
  ROI Rank (PayScale 2023) 5 Nationally recognized undergraduate schools for 100+ majors and 85+ minors 
 Top 7% PayScale College Salary Report 2023 Find your fun Activities and organizations Campus recreation 
  Sports Life in Dallas Whether you want to go head-to-head in a challenging competition or just stretch 
 yourself and try something new, you’ll find your place at SMU. Activities and organizations At SMU, you 
 have access to everything the university has to offer from your very first semester: research opportunities,
 outstanding facilities, small class sizes and so much more. Discover your interests: 
 Your campus HQ for fitness and fun! From team sports to personal fitness to active fun, you'll find it all at 
 the Dedman Center for Lifetime Sports. Learn more: Join a sports club! Sport Clubs provide a broad-based program
 of recreational, competitive and instructional sport opportunities. The program is designed to promote 
 participation in a wide variety of sport activities—complimenting the university's intramural, intercollegiate
 and wellness programs. learn more Great escapes, student approved Dallas’ size, diversity, world-class museums
 – including SMU’s own Meadows Museum – and awe-inspiring performance venues create exceptional opportunities 
 for the bold, curious and imaginative. learn more Find your passions Academics Schools Opportunities in Dallas
  What are you passionate about? Come explore your wildest idea in SMU’s Deason Innovation Gym, our student-centered
  makerspace designed for learning by experiment. What excites you? Whether you care deeply about making an 
 impact in your community or want to build a great career studying and pursuing what you love, we’re with you
 to help you channel your energy and unique qualities into the things that matter to you. Starting the day you
  arrive on the Hilltop, you will spend your next four years developing relationships with world changers like
 you – problem-solvers, influencers and leaders who will make an impact around the globe. Ready to do big 
 things? Applying to SMU is the first step in making your college experience one that defines your future 
success. We carefully consider each application with the goal of adding dimension to our diverse and dynamic
 community of scholars. Celebrate your achievements Supporting your success Scholarships and financial aid 
 Internships We’re excited to be part of your story. Our caring faculty takes pride in mentorship and encouraging 
individual academic pursuits. Student Academic Engagement and SuccessOperating within the Office of the Provost
 (SMU's chief academic officer), Student Academic Engagement and Success represents the University's commitment 
 to offering academic opportunities and support systems to help our students learn well and achieve success 
 inside and outside the classroom. Supporting your success Seun Suberu ’23 co-founded the CollegePlus app to 
 help students take control of their future. Now it’s setting his direction, too. Over the past three years, 
 Suberu has earned more than $85,000 in funding through multiple SMU competitions to fuel his startup. 
 Read Seun's story Scholarships and Financial Aid You’re bright and hardworking. We want you here. 
 That’s why we are passionate about matching our rigorous academics, powerful opportunities and incredible 
 classroom-to-career experiences with access to outstanding financial resources – so that you can become who 
 you want to be, regardless of your financial need. learn more Make your moves to become career-ready. 
Be among the SMU students who take advantage of a variety of internships at Dallas-area businesses and beyond.
----------------

